MongoDB CRUD

    
    This section covers the basics of CRUD operations, including:
    
        > Adding new documents to a collection
        > Selecting documents
        > Updating existing documents
        > Removing documents from a collection
    
    Section 1. Adding new documents to a collection
        insertOne() – show you how insert a single document into a collection.
        insertMany() – learn how to insert multiple documents into a collection.
        
    Section 2. Selecting documents
        findOne() – show you how to query a single document.
        find() – learn how to query documents from a collection.
        Projection – guide you on how to specify the fields to return in the matching document.
        
    Section 3. Selecting documents using comparison query operators
        $eq – select documents where the value of a field is equal to a specified value.
        $gt – select documents where the value of a field is greater than a specified value.
        $gte – select documents where the value of a field is greater than or equal to a specified value.
        $lt – select documents where the value of a field is less than a specified value.
        $lte – select documents where the value of a field is less than or equal to a specified value.
        $ne – select documents where the value of a field is not equal to a specified value.
        $in – select documents where the value of a field equals any value in an array
        $nin – select documents where the value of a field doesn’t equal any value in an array
        
    Section 4. Selecting documents using logical query operators
        $and – show you how to perform a logical AND operator to select documents.
        $or – guide you on how to perform a logical OR operator to find documents.
        $not – learn how to perform a logical NOT operator to query documents.
        $nor – show you how to use the logical NOR operator to select documents.
        
    Section 5. Selecting documents using element query operators
        $exists – select documents where a field exists.
        $type – select documents where the value of a field is an instance of a BSON type.
        
    Section 6. Querying arrays
        $size – select documents if they have an array field with a specified size.
        $all – select documents that have an array with all elements specified in a query.
        $elemMatch – select documents if the element in the array field matches all the specified queries.
        
    Section 7. Sorting & Limiting
        sort() – show you how to sort returned documents by one or more fields in ascending and descending orders.
        limit() – learn how to specify the number of documents returned by a query.
    
    Section 8. Updating documents
        updateOne() – show you how to update a single document that satisfies a condition.
        updateMany() – learn how to update multiple documents that match a condition.
        $inc – increase/decrease field values
        $min –  update the value of a field to a specified value if the specified value is less than the current value of the field.
        $max – update the value of a field to a specified value if the specified value is greater than the current value of the field.
        $mul – multiply the value of a field by a number.
        $unset – remove one or more fields from a document.
        $rename – rename a field in a document
   
    Section 9. Deleting documents
        deleteOne() – delete a single document from a collection.
        deleteMany() – delete all documents that match a condition from a collection.    